I hope the gods can hear this girl’s prayers
and bless my mother to recover from her illness quickly,
free from the torment of pain.
Thank you for the gods’ protection.
Hey,
who’s that?
Who? Obviously someone here to collect a debt.
Cavilla’s property
isn’t something any random thug
Mr. Guo, don’t kill me!
The item, half an hour ago,
I stole it from the museum curator’s hands.
Then I hid here.
I didn’t expect Hou Jiuling to track me down so fast.
As expected,
Cavilla, the force that dominates the entire south,
is truly
a power not to be trifled with.
Mr. Huo,
if I tell you where the item is,
can you spare my life?
Mr. Huo, I didn’t mean to betray you.
I was threatened by the Mengzhao family.
The item is in the Mengzhao family’s hands.
You’ve been with Cavilla for so long,
and you still don’t know Mr. Huo’s temper?
That man,
he never does multiple-choice.
The item and your life—
he wants both. Don’t kill me!
Don’t kill me! Don’t kill me! Don’t kill me!
Oh no, I’ve stumbled into a murder scene!
Uncle!
But I haven’t seen anything, I swear!